Release 70
Page 1
 
OCR:

この教室

誰も来ないって

誰かに聞いたの?

やばっ...

江梨花?


Machine Translation:

Akira: (Google/Bing) This classroom

Akira: (Google) No one will come (Bing) No one's coming.

Rumi: (Google) Did you ask someone? (Bing) Did anyone ask?

Akira (thinking): (Google) Ya ... (Bing) Oh, my God.

Rumi: (Google) Erika? (Bing) Erihana?


Ubo's Interpretation:

Akira: This classroom.

Akira: No one will come here.

Rumi: Did you talk to someone?

Akira: Oh no.

Rumi: Erika?


---


Page 2

OCR:

瑠海！

約束やぶってごめん！

瑠海がいないとオレは問違うから

もう瑠海に黙って勝手なことしないからだから...

言うことさえ聞いてれば

何それ

それでいいと思ってるの⁉︎

⁉︎
だって!


Machine Translation:

Akira: (Google) Bohai! (Bing) Liu Hai!

Akira: (Google) Sorry for the promise! (Bing) I'm sorry for the promise!

Akira (narration x 2): (Google) If there is no Bohai (Bing) Without the Sea

Akira: (Google) I'm wrong (Bing) I'm wrong.

Akira: (Google) Because it ’s no longer self-sufficient to stay in Bohai ... (Bing) Because I'm not going to do anything selfish in silence to the sea anymore.

Akira (narration): (Google) Just listen to what you say (Bing) If you even listen to me

Rumi: (Google) What that (Bing) What's that

Rumi: (Google) I'm sure that's okay ⁉︎ (Bing) Do you think that's all right!?

Akira: (Google) ⁉︎ Because! (Bing) ⁉︎ After all!


Ubo's Interpretation:

Akira: Rumi!

Akira: I'm sorry for bringing you here.

Akira (narration x 2): To be without Rumi...

Akira: is the wrong concern.

Akira: I'm not going to be quiet anymore.

Akira (narration): If she'll even listen to me.

Rumi: What are you saying?

Rumi: Are you for real right now?

Akira: Huh? But...

---


Page 3

OCR:

だって
…オレ

だって

一人じゃ駄目だから…！

駄目だ…また嫌われる…！

なんでオレは人と上手く…


Machine Translation:

Akira: (Google) Because …me (Bing) After all ... My

Akira: (Google) Because (Bing) After all

Akira: (Google) Because alone is useless! (Bing) You can't be alone...

Akira (Inner turmoil x 2): (Google) No good ... I hate you again ...! (Bing) No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm hated again...!

Akira: (Google) Why do I get along with people ... (Bing) Why do I get along well with people?


Ubo's Interpretation:

Akira: But... I...

Akira: But...

Akira: I don't want to be alone anymore...!

Akira (Inner turmoil x 2): No, it's hopeless, I am going to be hated again!

Akira: As always, I am just unable get along with anyone!


---


Page 4

OCR:

駄目じゃない‼︎

悪いのは私なんだよ⁉︎

会ってからすっと！


Machine Translation:

Rumi: (Google) That ’s not good (Bing) It's not bad!!

Rumi: (Google) The bad thing is me 悪 い ︎ (Bing) I'm the one to blame!?

Rumi: (Google) It ’s been a while since we met! (Bing) It's been a while since we met!


Ubo's Interpretation:

Rumi: That's wrong!

Rumi: I'm the one to blame!

Rumi: We haven't seen each other in so long!


---


Final notes:

My translation for this release sucked, but here's what I think is happening.

Akira is going in ready to accept that Rumi might reject her for good, because Akira is very insecure and thinks that is a very real possibility, and because of the conversation she had before with Erika and Sahara.

Rumi reacts strongly to the beginning of her emphatic apology. Akira immediately takes this reaction the wrong way in her own mind, breaks down and says she doesn't want to be alone anymore, and then past trauma comes back to haunt her, that she just can never get along with anyone, and so that is what is going to happen in this case.

But, what really is happening is that Rumi is not rejecting Akira at all, but feels just as conflicted with the distance that has grown between them, even though she never wanted to distance herself from Akira.

In truth, from previous chapters we see glimpses of this, Rumi thinks Akira is creating distance with her in spending more time with Aoi, and that because Akira seems to enjoy Aoi more (though in reality, it is just in different ways), that she will replace Rumi (of course the irony is that Rumi has been doing the same with Shion). And so, not knowing how to handle this painful feeling, she has been giving Akira the cold shoulder, not out of malice but out of pain avoidance.
