Release 77
Link: https://twitter.com/hatukisu/status/1203255451200049154


Page 1


OCR:

あなた!

大変!!

この子私のおちち飲んでくれないの!

あなた...?

そこ! ふざけないの

あなたたちのお母さんはこの重さに10か月耐えていたんですよ

苦労して生んでくれた家族に感謝しましょう!


Machine Translation:

Aoi: you! / You!

Aoi: very!! / Tough!!

Aoi: This kid won't drink me! / Won't you drink me!

Akira: You...?

Teacher: There! Don't play. / There! Don't be silly.

Teacher: Your mom has withstood this weight for 10 months / Your mother had endured this weight for ten months.

Teacher: Let's thank the family who worked hard! / Let's thank the family who gave birth through hardship!


Ubo's Interpretation:

Aoi: You!

Aoi: You're being difficult!

Aoi: This kid won't drink my milk! [ubo: google translate suggested this as a typo correction, but contextually I am not sure that's what is being said here since I don't see breastfeeding or a milk bottle]

Akira: You...?

Teacher: Hey! Stop playing around!

Teacher: Your mother endured this weight for 10 months.

Teacher: You should your family who experienced this hardship and gave birth to you.


---


Page 2

OCR:

なんか

これ着ると女になった気になるな

何? お前女になりたいの?

ちげーよ!

夏美大丈夫?

うん授業聞いてたら気分悪くなっただけ

グスッ

こんなんじゃ私...

まーまー
まだ先のことなんだから

そーだよ

私もまだよくわからないし

しんどいなら保健室行く?

女子はあんなに悩んでるのに

男子はなんで...


Machine Translation:

Guy 1: Something / Sort of

Guy 1: If you wear this, don't feel like a woman / Don't you feel like you've become a woman when you wear this?

Guy 2: What do you want to be? / What? Do you want to be a woman?

Guy 1: Chigeo! / It's Chige!

Aoi: Is Natsumi all right? / Natsumi okay?

Natsumi: Yeah I just felt sick when I heard the class / yes, I just felt sick when I listened to the class.

Natsumi: Gusut / Gussu

Natsumi: This is me ... / I don't know if this is the case.

Aoi: Ma-ma Because it ’s still ahead. / Ma-ma-ma It's still a long way off.

Rumi: That's right / That's it.

Natsumi: I still do n’t know / I'm not sure yet.

Rumi: Would you like to go to the health room / If you're tired, why don't you go to the infirmary?

Narration: Girls are so worried / Even though girls are so worried

Narration: Why boys ... / Why do boys...


Ubo's Interpretation:

Guy 1: Hey.

Guy 1: When you wear this, don't you feel like you've become a woman?

Guy 2: Why? Do you want to be a woman?

Guy 1: Hell no!

Aoi: Are you alright Natsumi?

Natsumi: Yeah, I just felt sick listening to the lecture.

Natsumi: *sob*

Natsumi: I don't want to deal with all that. [ubo: speculative interpretation]

Aoi: Hey, don't worry. We won't have to worry about that stuff for quite a while still.

Rumi: Yeah, exactly.

Natsumi: I don't know...

Rumi: Would you like to go to the infirmary?

Narration: While the girls are so worried...

Narration: Why do the boys...



---


Page 3


OCR:

子どもを生まなしから?

葵はまだ先って言うけど

身体はもう...


Machine Translation:

Narration: From the birth of a child? / From no children?

Narration: Sakai still says ahead / Nagisa says it's still ahead

Narration: My body is already ... / The body is already...


Ubo's Interpretation [lots of speculation on this page]:

Narration: Is it because they can't have children?

Narration: Aoi says that's in the future. [ubo: one theory of what is being implied here, and in the next box, is that Aoi has not yet had her first period.]

Narration: My body is already...

[The interpretation on this page is probably wrong, because Aoi said "the distant future" on the previous page. In which case, the theme of this page is about pregnancy itself, not having periods as the prerequisite of getting pregnant. I was not able to piece together a satisfying interpretation so I leave my thoughts here and leave it to you to come up with a suitable explanation of this page.]


---


Page 4

OCR:

最初は戸惑って泣いてしまったけど

今はただ面倒でしかない

あ

大丈夫?

?
腹痛いの?

私に協力しろよ!

あ

ありがとまだちょっと痛いかも...

邪魔しちゃいけないよね


Machine Translation:

Narration: At first I was confused and cried

Narration: It's just a hassle right now

Trio: Ah / Oh, my Go.

Blonde girl: All right? / No problem?

Squinty Eye Boy: ? Do you have a stomachache?

Blonde girl (flashback): Help me! / Come on, come on, come on!

SFX: Ah

Akira: Thank you It may still hurt ... / It might still hurt a little, but...

Akira (thinking): Don't disturb / You shouldn't disturb me, can you?


Ubo's Interpretation:

Narration: At first I was confused and cried.

Narration: Now it is more of a hassle than anything.

Trio: Ah!

Blonde girl: Are you alright?

Squinty Eye Boy: ? Do you have a stomachache?

Blonde girl (flashback): You need to cooperate with me!

SFX: Ah!

Akira: Thank you. On second thought it might still hurt.

Akira (thinking): I shouldn't interrupt them.

[Ubo: I think what is happening here is that Akira recognizes that they are together right now, and so she will slide back into the bathroom to allow them more alone time. Doesn't make sense to me why she couldn't just walk back to class or whatever, but anyway I think this page will be made clearer with the start of release 78, which, as I write this, has not come out yet. Probably because the author has one last thing for Akira to do while in the bathroom. Or I could be wrong, we'll see.]
