Release 79
Link: https://twitter.com/hatukisu/status/1210882139228495873

[Note: After looking at how people have been using these files, I am going to extract my interpretation and put it all at the bottom of the file, thus separating the metadata (kanji and machine translation), which is only there for reference, from my interpretations, which is how my files are mostly used, as a guide to follow along with the images. If you want me to return to placing my interpretations alongside the metadata (which does have the advantage of making the file more tidy), let me know.]


Page 1

OCR:

今度の調理実習

お弁当作り

翔馬と同じ班になれたから女子カアピールしたいの!

2人とも料理好きでしょ?

メニュー決め手伝って!

瑠海は江梨花の好きな人知ってた?

なんとなく

聞いたのは最近

中学でたくさん思い出作りたいの!

入学式


Machine Translation:

Erika: Next cooking training / The new cooking practice

Right-most cover title: Lunch making / Making a bento

Erika: I want to appeal to girls because I was in the same group as Shoma! / I want to appeal to girls because I was able to become the same samurai as Shoma!

Erika: You both like cooking, right? / You both like cooking, don't you?

Erika: Help me decide on the menu! / Help me decide the menu!

Akira: Did Rumi know Erina's favorite person? / Did you know who you like about Erihana?

Rumi: Somehow

Rumi: I recently heard / I've heard about it recently

Erika: I want to make a lot of memories in junior high school!

Photo caption: Entrance ceremony


---


Page 2

OCR:

だって高校でも一緒になれるか

わかんないし...

うん!

応援するよ!

やっぱり料理できる女子は強いと思うよ!

アキラはどんなメニューが良いと思う?

えー?
ハンバーグ?

普通!

ちゃんと男心ゎかってるー?


Machine Translation:

Erika: Because we can be together in high school / Because can we be together in high school?

Erika: I don't know ...

Rumi: Yup!

Rumi: I'll support you! / I'll cheer you on!

Rumi: I think girls who can cook are strong! / I think girls who can cook are strong after all!

Rumi: What menu do you think Akira is good for? / What kind of menu do you think Akira likes?

Akira: Huh? Hamburger?

Erika: Usually! / Ordinary!

Erika: Do you have a manly heart? / Do you have a good man's heart?


---


Page 3

OCR:

おままごと
やろう!

アキラがおとうさんでわたしがー!

ムリ!

これから
もしとり行くから

やーだー

奈々がこっちに混ざれよ

なんで女子っておままごと好きなんだろうな


Machine Translation:

Girl: Play house + let's do it! / Omagoto + Let's do it!

Girl: Akira is a father and I am! / Akira is my father and I am!

Akira: Muri!

Akira: from now on + I'll take it / From now on + If I take it, I'll take it.

Girl: Yada / Hey, hey.

Akira: Nana mixes here / Nana's got mixed up here.

Friend: Why do girls like gambling? / Why do girls like me?


---


Page 4

OCR:

アキラー!

...何?

暇してるならばあちゃんの手伝いしてくれる?

混ぜたらお肉をハンバーグの形に...

料理なんて...本当に女になったみたい...

アキラ


Machine Translation:

Grandma: Akira! / Akiller!

Akira: ...what?

Grandma: If you are free, can you help her?

Grandma: After mixing, the meat becomes a hamburger ... / When I mix it, the meat is in the shape of a hamburger.

Akira: Cooking ... I feel like I'm really a woman ... / I don't know what to do with cooking She really seems to have become a woman.

Grandma: Akira


---


Ubo's Interpretation:

Page 1

Erika: I want to practice making food

Right-most cover title: Making a bento

Erika: Since I am in the same group as Shoma, I want to use cooking to project my feminine appeal! [ubo: this is speculative. Shoma btw is the first name of the boy Erika likes... at least that's what machine translation does with the kanji. His last name is Sahara.]

Erika: You both enjoy cooking, right?

Erika: Help me decide on what to make!

Akira: Did you know Erika had someone she liked?

Rumi: Somehow

Rumi (not in bubble): I heard about it recently.

Erika: I want to make a lot of memories in junior high school!

Photo caption: Entrance ceremony


Page 2

Erika: Because I don't know

Erika: ...if we can be together in high school...

Rumi: Right!

Rumi: We'll support you!

Rumi: I think girls who can cook are strong!

Rumi: Akira, what kind of food do you think is good to cook?

Akira: I don't know... hamburger?

Erika: That's so basic!

Erika: Do you really understand a man's heart?


Page 3

Nana: Let's play house! [ubo: note this is the girl from the very beginning of chapter 1]

Girl: Akira can be the father and I will be the --

Akira: No way!

Akira: I'm going to take off and catch insects!

Girl: No! Not fair!

Akira: Come join us over here Nana.

Friend: Why is it that girls like to play house?


Page 4

Grandma: Akira~!

Akira: ...what is it?

Grandma: If you are free, can you help me with something?

Grandma: Mix the meat and shape it into a hamburger patty. [ubo: one reason I am skeptical of my translation "Come join us over here Nana" in particular on the last page is that there is repeated use there as well as here for the verb which means "to mix". I figure that might have been intentional, but I completely dismissed it in my own interpretation.]

Akira: When I am preparing food... I really feel like I've become a woman.

Grandma: Akira.
